docs: add hint for disabling logger in unit testing (#11223)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/guides/testing.md

def test_my_favorite_task():
    assert my_favorite_task.fn() == 42
```

!!! tip "Disable logger"

>     If your task makes use of a logger, you can disable the logger in order to avoid the `RuntimeError` raised from a missing flow context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If your task makes uses a logger, you can disable the logger in order to avoid the `RuntimeError` raised from a missing flow context.
```
